[Music]
hey do you sleep as much as a brown bat
or as little as a goat and how do you
know let's figure it out and check which
creatures are the most famous
sleepyheads
and which can spend months without rest
and how about the animal that doesn't
sleep at all New Yorkers
snails up to several years these slimy
shell critters can slumber for up to 15
hours at a time falling in and out
asleep after that a snail can be active
for another thirty hours but in extreme
conditions when it gets too dry snails
can fall asleep for several years frogs
the whole winter
frogs are equipped with some weird
animal antifreeze ice crystals forming
under their skin and in their body
cavities don't faze them frogs don't
breathe and their hearts don't beat
throughout the cold winter months until
spring comes they spend that time
sleeping non-stop well kind of they may
have their eyes closed but they still
remain constantly alert pythons up to 23
hours these massive snakes have no
eyelids which makes it difficult to say
when they're asleep
they rarely eat usually just once a week
the rest of the time they spend
digesting their meals which requires
loads of energy that's why it's not
unusual for a Python to sleep for 18 to
23 hours and wake up only to take a
short evening stroll up make that
slither koalas 22 hours these cute fur
balls aren't lazy they just need a lot
of energy to digest their high fiber
food by the way
koalas favorite sleeping position is
either being nestled in a tree fort or
hanging from their little brown bat
20-hours being nocturnal or active at
night these flying micro bats snooze
upside down for up to 20 hours a day by
the way this odd sleeping position makes
it easier for them to take off their
wings are otherwise too weak to lift
them up
walruses up to 19 hours that's if
they're deep asleep ashore
but things are very different when
walruses are in the water they can go
for up to 84 hours without sleep from
time to time they'll hold their breath
for five minutes or so and catch a quick
nap underwater for that they just bite
onto an ice sheet with their teeth so
that they don't drift away giant
armadillo 18 hours no one would call
giant armadillos social creatures they
spend most of their time sleeping in
their burrows
the only reason armadillos might get
together is to keep warm or find a mate
North American opossum also 18 hours but
the interesting thing is that they can
play possum for up to four hours and
they're not really playing the point
things get so scared they pass out from
shot one more thing even though they're
often pictured hanging by their tails
from a tree branch only baby opossums do
that adults are too heavy to support
their own weight for longer than a
couple of minutes owl monkey also known
as night monkey 17 hours these animals
sleep 70% of the day usually from
sunrise to sunset only after he gets
dark monkeys get out of their shelters
to get some food and don't stop feeding
until the Sun is about to rise yeah just
like me on my hungry nights tigers 16
hours these mighty predators spend more
than 65 percent of their time slumbering
they don't think twice when choosing a
suitable place for rest rocks grass
somewhere near their prey anything will
do squirrels fifteen hours these cute
animals look playful and mega active but
this appearance is partially deceptive
most of their time about 60 percent of
the day squirrel spend asleep tree
squirrels build special nests called
raids from twigs branches and leaves and
hibernate their cats twelve to sixteen
hours even though it might be
challenging to catch your sleepy cat in
between its NAB's your feline friend
doesn't sleep that much
the trick is that cats preferred to be
active between dusk and dawn which is at
the time you spend asleep so you just
don't cross paths with your pet frigate
Birds 12 hours or 45 minutes when this
bird is on land it has an unusual
sleeping pattern frigate birds sleep for
one minute then wake up only to fall
asleep again that repeats until these
one minute naps add up to 12 hours but
when these birds are flying
they sleep only 45 minutes a day usually
after dark and in tiny 10 second bursts
meerkats 10 to 12 hours when these funny
little creatures sleep they gather
together in heaps this way the animals
keep warm and protect the leaders who
always rest at the bottom of the pile
otters 11 hours otters need a lot of
sleep even though it's not always safe
for them because of predators plus they
could drift away while napping
that's why otters often fall asleep on
their backs on the water surface they
all hold hands and groups so that nobody
gets carried away by the current that's
right they otter hold onto each other
sloths 10 hours I know I know
sloths have a reputation they need to
maintain and rumor has it that they
sleep 15 to 19 hours a day that's true
about slaws in captivity wild sloths
rarely sleep more than 10 hours a day
being the slowest mammal in the world
the sloth needs a lot of time to find
food and eat it
humans 6 to 8 hours yep we spend up to
25 years or one third of our lives
switched off not unless you're a baby
then you'd be up there with Tigers in
the 16-hour range or you might be a
workaholic and find yourself further
down on the list hmm let's see
sheeps and goats for hours these animals
sleep four hours a night but not at once
they take several naps with breaks in
between when sheep and goats sleep they
huddle together to stay warm and protect
themselves they also take turns watching
for predators
ants four to five hours these insects
have lots of one minute power naps
during the day which totals to about
five hours the Queen though can enjoy
sleep much longer for up to nine hours a
day well she is royalty after all
elephants three to four hours
elephants are massive and they have to
spend almost 19 hours a day stuffing
their bodies with food when they sleep
they do it either standing up leaning
against a tree or lying down on their
side but if they do lie down they can't
stay that way for more than a half hour
otherwise they might crush their innards
giraffes 30-minutes
giraffes don't laze around they only get
about a half an hour at most to avoid
predators this sleep is divided into
several five minute naps taken
throughout the day being tall lanky
things giraffes have difficulties
finding a comfortable sleeping position
that's why they usually catch some Z's
standing up but sometimes they do get
down on the ground and curl up in the
most adorably awkward limb bball you
will ever see whales one hour
sperm whales have an amazing sleep
position they bobble vertically near the
water surface they have short regular
periods of deep sleep that add up to a
bit more than one hour a day these
Giants don't breathe or move during
their naps Orca calves not until they're
older baby orcas don't sleep at all
during the first weeks or sometimes even
months of their lives they keep swimming
around while their parents are resting
it keeps them warm and protects them
against predators dolphins never well
kind of dolphins do enter periods of
deep sleep called logging mostly because
when a dolphin is in this state it
resembles a log floating on the water
but even so dolphins shut down just half
of their brain and close only the eye
that's opposite to the power-down
hemisphere this way they're always alert
and can watch out for trouble
that I'm not a dolphin if you learn
something new today then give the video
a like and share it with a friend and
here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life